Overall Description:
    Your Independent project this week will be to develop a personal gallery application that you display your photos for others to see.

User stories:
    As a user of the application I should be able to:

    View different photos that interest me.
    Click on a single photo to expand it and also view the details of the photo. The photo details must appear on a modal within the same route as the main page.
    Search for different categories of photos. (ie. Travel, Food)
    Copy a link to the photo to share with my friends.
    View photos based on the location they were taken.

User environment:
    Your application should be accessible to users on both desktop and mobile formats. You must ensure that your application is responsive to different screen sizes.

System Features:
    Feature A: Image Model
    Your Project must contain an Image model with the following properties:
        Image
        Image Name.
        Image Description.
        Image Location Foreign Key.
        Image category Foreign Key.

    Feature B: Location and Category models:
        Your Project must contain location and category that link to the Image model. Remember to make migrations to your database when you change the properties of the model.

    Feature C: Image Model methods:
        Your Image model must contain the following methods:
            save_image() - Save an image to the database.
            delete_image() - Delete image from the database.
            update_image() - Update image in the database.
            get_image_by_id(id) - Allows us to get an image using its ID.
            search_image(category) - Allows us to search for an image using its category.
            filter_by_location(location) - Allows us to filter images by the location.

        You should write tests for each of these methods and make sure you implement error handlers to prevent your application from crashing.

    Feature D: Location and Category models methods:
        You must implement the save, update and delete methods in both models and make sure you write tests for each method

    Feature E: Search Functionality:
        Your project must have a search form that when submitted calls a search function in the view function and redirects to a search results page.

    Feature F: Image Details:
        When a user clicks on an Image he/she should be redirected where a larger version of the image is displayed and should also see the details of the Image.

    Feature G: Copy Link:
        A user should be able to click a button and have the link to the image copied to the machine’s clipboard. Make sure you write a test for this functionality.

    Feature H: Admin Dashboard:
        Your project should have a dashboard that you will use to post photos to the database and manage the photos.

    Feature I: Deployment:
        Your project should be deployed to Heroku when you have finished with the set features. You should provide the link to your project in the description part of your project repository.

Other Nonfunctional Requirements:
Software quality attributes:
    Your code should be written following the Python pep 8 guidelines. Make sure you document major sections of your code using docstrings. Also, ensure you commit regularly and your commit messages are clear and well written.

    Project documentation
    You should have a well-documented README for your project. You can follow this template README to write your README file.
        https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/109311bb0361f32d87a2